Doc kestrel config reload support (#23256)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/fundamentals/servers/kestrel/endpoints.md

## Configure(IConfiguration)

> This enables Kestrel to load endpoints from an <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.IConfiguration>. The configuration must be scoped to the configuration section for Kestrel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables Kestrel to load endpoints from an <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.IConfiguration>. The configuration must be scoped to the configuration section for Kestrel.
```

}
```

If reloading configuration is enabled and a change is signaled then the following steps are taken:
- The new configuraiton is compared to the old one, any endpoint without configuration changes are not modified.

> - Removed or modified endpoints are drained and stopped using a 5 second timeout.

Reviewer: drained is slang that won't machine translate (MT). It's well known slang so maybe that's OK. Do you have an alternative?

Author: ```suggestion
- Removed or modified endpoints are given 5 seconds to complete processing requests and shut down.
```
